the world is changing rapidly and so are
the markets in today's video we're going
to look at what happened we're going to
try to understand why and I'll give you
all the details that you need to know
you came here for the truth so let me
unveil that for you today's video is all
about that sea of red you've probably
seen it in the news you're probably
looking at this information trying to
pinpoint exactly why I'm going to give
you some insight on that today you look
at the crypto markets which I consider
to be a leading indicator of what's to
come in the stock market because it is
considered to be a risk asset okay so
we're going to see what happens in
cryptos particularly since it trades
247 things will happen there before
anywhere else so watch the crypto
markets when we look at what has
happened over the last while you could
see the money printing that devaluation
of the currency can cause problems you
have to understand what do I do is it
the time to sell is it the time to buy
what should I be doing with my
retirement account if you just blindly
do things you're never going to get
anywhere let me assure you the best
decisions I've made financially have all
been with proper planning here you can
see what happens with your tax dollars
this is improper decisions being done
without you knowing you have no say the
government's going to do whatever ever
they want how rich musicians build
American taxpayers for luxury hotels
shopping spree and multi-million doll
bonuses they're going to do whatever
they want you understand it doesn't
matter you zoom out 10 years 15 years
the simple Playbook here is that the
little guy gets screwed you've got the
elite the richest people that they can
find all these loopholes they know how
to do things but of course you the
individual don't have these same
opportunities so you could say hey plug
the loopholes we need to figure out how
we're going to even survive what's
coming why because of AI robotics
automation coming and swooping in taking
the jobs look the Federal Reserve did
something and you need to know what
happened okay because it's affecting
everybody not just in the United States
not just in the crypto markets look
Brazil Traders self first ask later as
Panic hits the markets you could see
Brazil's fiveyear credit default swaps
jumped what is a credit default swap
it's basically like a bet on you know
how much risk there is whenever you see
a credit default swap going up that
means there's more risk that investors
believe is going on and you could see in
this case Here China Argentina those are
down and on the other end of the
spectrum looking at that Brazil on the
up not in a good way okay here we have
have these articles written and this I
believe is is always a bad sign whether
Bitcoin reaches the elusive 1 million
doll Mark or encounters New Challenges
it's going to be da d da and this is of
course just promotion to a different
website but I'm seeing it everywhere I'm
looking at the nfts making a comeback I
am seeing all of these extremes you've
seen it the coins that have been created
you know those billion dollars worth
billion dollars coins made up of hot air
you know what I'm talking about yeah
these things a billion dollars that is a
bad sign that's when you get Jerome
Powell and his money
printer that turns out to be a bad thing
okay so you're the individual you're
working hard you're saving your money
you're doing all these things and your
value is being put into an incinerator
it's being put into um you know this
printer as it seems here and devaluing
Beyond Way Beyond anything that you're
capable of dealing with look I look at
the amount of this is Jamie demon by the
way I look at the amount of fiscal and
monetary stimulus that has taken place
over the last 5 years it's been so
extraordinary how can you tell me it
won't lead to stag inflation what is
stagflation well that means you're going
to have this time frame which
inflation's elevated but there's no
growth okay nothing's happening your
wages aren't going anywhere you got
inflation that's too high and it just
goes on and on and on and that has been
going on here where we have seen asset
prices rise certainly but the average
person is just getting destroyed
destroyed I'm talking about everywhere
people who used to have money who used
to be able to spend very well they have
not been able to benefit depends on job
scenarios depend on a bunch of things in
the case of what's happening with the
coming Administration we could see
countries starting to deal with this in
a negative Manner and that is in this
case uh we're looking at Canadians the
Canadian manufacturing industry is going
to be slaughtered by the tariffs in fact
all of these companies uh which by the
way
represents I believe it's it's at 10% of
the GDP of Canada
manufacturing immediately there's going
to be layoffs already they've had hiring
freezes they've tried to import more
products export more products do
everything now before the time comes
this is going to be pain and every
industry is going to be impacted by it
and what are you doing are you taking
action today at the end of this video
free giveaway two in fact two for the
finance Friday okay I what didn't do a
video last week too busy this week I'm
doing it and this Friday right now as
you're seeing this this Friday we're
giving away two free um passes to the
finance Friday get in so you could learn
for two hours okay um you know be
available on that on the Friday look
this is what basically what we're
talking about how investors are seeing a
Ros your picture so we saw Bitcoin go up
to 108 we saw the stock market roaring
like S&P 500 at 6,000 but you got to
understand something okay where does
this lead us where does this take us
I've got too much information here I'm
just trying to give you the the you know
the basics before I give you that key
Point Bitcoin pullback deepens as the US
ETF suffer record daily outflow is this
just profit taking or was the rise
initially the problem more men are
addicted to the crack cocaine of the
stock market that's with some would say
let's go back a step here the sharp
reaction to the FED could be an ominous
sign for markets in 2025 what did the
FED do this is the press release
directly from them and you could see it
for yourself they lower the target range
of the FED funds rate by a quarter
percentage Point uh-oh quarter
percentage Point what does that mean
0.25% they cut the FED funds rate the
most important interest rate arguably
globally that was cut by a quarter point
not by
0 uh five you know a half a percent
that's what they wanted and there was a
signal that yeah you know what we're
we're getting kind of getting close to
the end at the same time the San
Francisco fed president Daly said um you
know we want to make sure we get
inflation down all of that made the
market wet itself why because it was
expecting more it wanted more it desired
more and
unfortunately it's not getting what it
asked for so it's an opportunity to take
some off the top okay the froth the
Euphoria let's trim some of that and
that's what's happening now where it
goes from here is of course very
difficult in the short period I I
covered it for 2 hours on on the Friday
session um so you know you're only going
to get a snippet in the video but what I
what I mean to say here is that end of
year very difficult to predict don't try
to predict it be more cautious you can
be optimistic but be more cautious we're
also going into a very uncertain Point
all the way through you know early
January it's up and down into what's
going to happen we don't know okay
tariffs are we going to get that are we
going to get the back and forth with
China again these things of course could
affect markets broadly but there is a
lot of optimism and so if we're going
with that then we could see markets
doing at least reasonably well why
because interest rates are being cut
okay they're they're still being cut but
we need the Euphoria to be trimmed off
of there where do we look for Euphoria
we're going to look at the Binger bands
we're going to look at the RSI we're
going to look at the stochastic slow
we're going to look at the stock RSI
these are called oscillators and they
help us determine where we are in
technical analysis but then I look at
something like articles written saying
hey bitcoin's going to be a million and
then I look at fearing greed index and
then I look at you know what are they
saying on CNBC and Bloomberg are we
getting lots of bearish articles are we
getting lots of bullish articles and
compared to normal of course because
they're always always bullish I also
look at puts versus calls put versus
call what does this mean how many bets
are being put on that the market goes up
or how many bets being put on the market
going down there's always going to be
more for the most part on the market
going up but if that suddenly changes
whoa now we have something to worry
about and when everybody goes in One
Direction It's usually the other
direction because if if you notice this
exact thing happened exactly exactly why
the you looked at the you know they say
buy insurance when you don't need it
okay buy insurance when you don't need
it this is the way it works that's what
you know investors always get wrong it's
like hey oh bitcoin's at 108,000 oh
let's all get in and then you see what
happens this is not a way to time the
market and you don't have to time the
market Market but you can see certain
points at which you realize okay long
trajectory here I could see where this
is going I think it's going to go up
let's say okay but you should be having
some level of timing on your entries
otherwise otherwise you usually get
caught up in the euphoria that when
everything is up that's when you get in
sure you might retrace and and be better
after but usually people get caught in
right at those Peaks you're buying in at
those Peaks you want to be buying in you
know if not steadily you got to buy in
when things nobody wants it basically
anybody was buying in a Bitcoin if you
remember there was a period of years and
years where Bitcoin was around that
89,000 it seemed like forever you had so
many you didn't have to time it you
could have just said yeah I'll put a
little bit in there okay it's 8,000
9,000 I know where this is going here
here here you didn't need to time it it
was literally years at that level okay
you got to get this into your head in
what's happening today because things
are getting wacky Spotify employees say
it's promoting fake artists to reduce
royalty payments to real ones is it true
I don't know but I can tell you very
very carefully here right now that we
are in this different world AI robotics
automation they're coming for the jobs
you know that one by one by one they
will and you have to ad adapt you got to
upskill you have to up skill this is
very important we are in a transition
period in which we can utilize a lot of
these things before they come and take
that job do you think the YouTubers
they're not going to be better YouTubers
when they're you know they they look so
fantastic the the way the look is and
all the information so dialed in they
never make a mistake they always cross
their teas and Dot their eyes or dot
their teas and cross their eyes
anyway free finance Friday giveaway for
two hours I'm going to bring two people
in there this is actually sponsored by
one of the members of the finance Friday
and so you get to sit in for two hours
this Friday all you got to do is hit the
link in the description it's a giveaway
you put your put an email that's all I
request and there's an email I don't
email you okay like and spam you or what
whatever it's literally just for the
contest you win and I want to see you
there for 2 hours we're going to get in
depth you can ask any question you want
except about Janet Yellen okay if you
want to know more all in depth there's a
a link right here which is the money
gps.com
slive or just go to the money gps.com
and see what I got there for you okay
there's so much free stuff it's
unbelievable what do I ask hit that
thumbs up button that's it that's how
you support this channel hit that Thumbs
Up Button I've been too busy to make
videos um I I you know I have four
businesses you know I I have to do what
I what I need to but I want to thank you
for being here I'm not going anywhere
okay I'm still going to make videos but
I have to make them on my own time and
when I think is best I've been you know
called this and that and names and all
your you you told people not to invest
and everything um you're you're
completely misin preting information if
that's the case if that's what you think
telling people to go and hide in your
bunkers never once that I ever say that
but anyway that's the way the world
works right there's always that
negativity but we have to bring out the
positivity you you know in the face of
all that criticism and everything so I
want to thank you for being here and of
course I'll see you next time hit that
link okay get that free giveaway see you
soon